add check param (#42)
deckhouse/changelog-action: README.md

        labels: changelog, auto
        token: ${{ inputs.token }}
        delete-branch: true

    - name: Validate changelog entry
      id: changelog-entry-check
      uses: deckhouse/changelog-action@v2-check
      with:

>         check: true

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        validateOnly: true
```

          one
          two:low
```
### Validating changes

> To use this action as a check in a pipeline, `check` parameter must be set to `true`. In the check mode, action would parse the changelog section in PR that triggered it, and validate it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use this action as a validator in a pipeline, `validateOnly` parameter must be set to `true`. In the validation mode, action would parse the changelog section in PR that triggered it, and validates it.

Output 'is_valid_changelog_entry' can be used to get validation result in further steps.
```
